{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green32\blue221;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12780\viewh9300\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Pathfinder Completes Account\

\b0\fs24 As a Pathfinder, I can answer the onboarding questions and have the answers complete my account, so that I can move forward in the onboarding process.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 When a Pathfinder who has not completed their account logs in, they are brought to a page to complete
\f3  
\f1 your account. (this replaces the current embeded typeform step) \

\b Page 1:
\f3\b0 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 The first and last name of the pathfinder are pre-populated.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 When I enter my first name, and middle name my preferred name is autofilled in the preferred name field
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 I can enter other names that I have used in the past.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 My Date of Birth is displayed for me to verify.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 I can email Betterpath if my DoB is incorrect.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 All fields except Middle Name and Previous Names are required.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 If I hit next without filling out any required fields I receive an error message. "Please answer all questions before continuing".
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 If I have answered all required questions and hit next, I am taken to page 2. \

\b Page 2:
\f3\b0 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 In the Address fields, gray text is present to show me what information belongs in which field.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 All fields except the second address line are required.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 If I hit next without filling out any required fields I receive an error message. "Please answer all questions before continuing".
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 If I have answered all required questions and hit next, I am taken to page 3. \

\b Page 3:
\f3\b0 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 In the Gender choices, if I select transgender, I am presented with the option to select "Transgender (Male to Female)" or "Transgender (Female to Male)".
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 All fields except Race are required.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 If I hit next without filling out any required fields I receive an error message. "Please answer all questions before continuing".
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 When a pathfinder who has answered all mandatory questions hits "Save" the answers are saved and the pathfinder and the Pathfinder is flagged as having a Completed Account.
\f3 \

\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 When a pathfinder completes their account, their responses are in their account page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl168\slmult1
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 \uc0\u9744 
\f1 When a pathfinder completes their account, they are advanced to the hometab of their recap.
\f3 \
}